feat(filter-bar): enable removable filters (#3762)
cultureamp/kaizen-design-system: packages/components/src/FilterBar/_docs/FilterBar.mdx

  - `onSelectionChange` remains available as optional
  - **Note:** To use the subcomponents, import `FilterSelect` from `@kaizen/components` (not `@kaizen/select`)

##### `isRemovable`

When this attribute is applied, the Filter will become removable (a remove button will be attached to the trigger button),

> and their value will be cleared upon remove.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
and its value will be cleared upon removal.
```
I think the subject here is "the Filter"

> Removable Filters will be added to the `Add Filter` menu options.

Reviewer: Do you mean that a Filter - once removed - will be available within in the "Add Filter" menu again? If so, this could be clearer ;)

Author: Yes, but also by default 😬 I'll see what I can do (otherwise a suggestion would be great!)
